

Begin forwarded message:

From: John Lambert <anurean@icloud.com>
Date: 3/5/2021
To: ahundersmarck@sharevancouver.org,Yuko Hasegawa <hasegawa@bisha.tokai.jaeri.go.jp>,pio@kckpd.org,pio@mcso.us,Olpe State Bank <osb@olpestatebank.com>,David Tucker <dtucker@bertnash.org>,vanpd@cityofvancouver.us
Subject: Questions::: 優子さん：質問と企業コマンド

I understand that I am being routed through local venues...
That apparently I have to live near people.
That apparently I have to have either a roommate or a social worker.

Having a roommate: is why 5 people are dead in Kansas as of last night.
All of them where persons who attended Narcotics Anonymous with affiliation to the Cult of Charles Manson.
Both the families of victims and families of attackers are currently living in the Midwest.
They have been comparing government notes: and both sides of the fence got themselves killed.

I am sort of socially in the middle of that mix as they always want corporate approval of their side of whatever argument.
I happen to be kind of the grandchild of corporate. 




So...
I will have people?

As in people who are at war with every facet of the United States Government as well as allies.
As in people with bacteria.

Yes...
I have bacteria.
Someone put a louse large enough to see in my hair...
and that louse was a gigantic bacteria about 20,000x the size of average. 

Too: there is concern for food quality.
The eggs are frequently radioactive and they are coming from coops that I naturally would not eat from.
I can almost guarantee they are coming from corporate farms near Wolf Creek Nuclear Facility.


When I buy my own food...
It's usually from Kosher Zones in Nebraska.


You know, such as the Egg and Cheese Protien Box from Starbucks.
That has absolutely no bacteria in it until it is opened.
Sometimes a fungus might get into it...
But that is usually the cheese.


This is how those boxes stay fresh for almost a year or so.
You know, low temperature and no bacteria. 











Yuko...
Has engaged in Espionage against me and has conspired with various facets of Los Angeles society. Mindi Cohn was part of said conspiracies. Too: where her brainwashing notes. I do not know if you ever watched them on television. They where short lived broadcasts where she was telling her audience to rob a little brother and frame him.
The kind of espionage, that has her having to prostitute among American Military.


Yuko...
Needs to give me money.
Yuko...
Needs to step out of the mushroom cloud and smell the coffee.
Yuko...
Is in deep dog doodie.
So Yuko....
Is to sit down and have a Starbucks once one opens in Tokyo. 



These days: Yuko is a school teacher.
That's the only thing that keeps her from being raped and murdered in her own home country.

Bitch commissioned the theft of the Bleu Diamond and put our family under Corporate Attack from Japan.
Um... the rock that came from Marie Antoinette's neck. 


Yuko...
You are a Chitsu.


Yuko...
Do you want to meet mutant bacteria the size of a shi-tzu?
Do you want to meet mutant bacteria the size of a turtle?
We can do that actually. Introduce you to one.













So....
While kidnapped....
Surrounded by mortal enemies known to slave drive....
Surrounded by mortal enemies that have pinched the entire head of a penis off a pre-teen's shaft....
Surrounded by mortal enemies who do things like, OH.... I do not know....
Smoke pot, drink beer, eat yeast, eat leaven bread, utilize lithium salt for the purpose of technology.....

Etc....


While kidnapped and near such types: I do think I will sit down and ask the Yakuza....

Yuko that is you...
You are the crime syndicate here.
Being a school teacher only tells us all you know how children can be naughty, violent, and godawful, and it tells me you stay up to date on how to behave in adverse methods.


Watch this.
I am a Mohawk.
Ku-mu-ki-ki-kow

I just quoted my niece when she decided everyone needed to shut up.


You do the same thing...
Jap.


Your nation lost their native tongue by the 1970s.
Infact you where probably born in a New Orleans Brothel..... a place called the House of the Rising Sun and then deported to Japan.
That whore-house was busted in the 1960s.
The United States Military brought their hookers home, and then dropped them there with their children.


So....
You are in Tokyo Yuko?
Then your ass is the global crime syndicate School Teacher. 







Yuko...
I want the pistol off the shelf that Sherrif Reese has.
I do not care if he has to lose his face for me to get it.
Make him bring me that pistol and all my stuff.
Tell him you will cut off the rest of his weenie.
Maybe we could make soup out of him or something.

You know what Yuko?
I have stock
I have moolah galore...
and I still have mining rights in Wyoming.


You want to be queen of Japan?
Then bring me that pistol and come save Mario....
I would rather be in Kansas.
I would rather be in an anti-bacterial environment.
I would rather be listening to Hearts of Space and practicing voodoo.
I would rather be sitting here engaging in cannibalism and taking my medication.
I would rather be snickering because Eddie Velez is dead and too a bunch of people in Lawrence.
Understood Princess Peach?

I want to sit there, munching on my pills... 
I want to sit there, happy in the middle of the USA...
I want to sit there, and smile at the problems of the Coastline.
I want to sit there, and collect gifts from hackers and asian worshipers.
I want to sit there, and write cute little Haikus for Yuko.
I want to sit there, and continue to pretend that Yuko no speak no English no more.
I want to sit there, and continue to pretend that Yuko did not escape a New Orleans brothel as a toddler and get hired by Korean Militants as a spy.
I want to sit there, and continue to believe the best in and of people.

Understood Sister?

Oh....
I have been brainwashed by Japanese...
I was so knocked head over heels by the beauty of Miss Yuko....
I am so brainwashed by Yuko... that I need more psycho, financial, aroma and shopping therapy.


So go spread your legs Yuko and get all this bought.
https://www.amazon.com/hz/wishlist/genericItemsPage/CF6T8QC8S46D
You might be over 50 years old... 
But you still turn heads.



Now...
Because I respect you...
I will have this put in Japanese for you.
This way: you can pretend to speak Japanese.
At best: what comes out of your mouth makes you Siam princess....

Could someone please slap Yuko's butt and tell her to get on it?






11彼が地元の会場を経由していたことを理解しています...
どうやら人の近くに住まなければならない1。
1ルームメイトかソーシャルワーカーのどちらかが必要なようです。

ルームメイトがいる：昨夜の時点でカンザスで人々が亡くなっているのは5人の理由です。
それらのすべては、チャールズ・マンソンのカルトに所属して匿名のナルコティクスに参加した人々です。
犠牲者の家族と攻撃者の家族の両方が現在中西部に住んでいます。
彼らは政府のメモを比較してきました：そして、柵の両側は彼ら自身を殺しました。

彼らは常にどんな議論についても企業側の承認を望んでいるので、1はそのミックスの真っ只中にある種の社会的です。
1はたまたま企業の孫のようなものです。




そう ...
1人がいますか？

米国政府のあらゆる側面や同盟国と戦争をしている人々については。
バクテリアのある人も。

はい ...
1バクテリアがいます。
誰かが私の髪の毛に見えるほどの大きさのシラミを入れました...
その家は巨大なバクテリアで、平均で約20,000倍の大きさでした。

あまりにも、食品の品質への懸念があります。
卵はしばしば放射性であり、それらは自然に1から食べないクーパーから来ています。
1は、ウルフクリーク核施設近くの企業農場から来ていることをほぼ保証できます。


1人が自分の食べ物を買うとき...
これは通常、ネブラスカ州のコーシャゾーンからのものです。


スターバックスの卵とチーズのタンパク質ボックスなどです。
開けるまでバクテリアは一切入っていません。
時々真菌がそれに入るかもしれません...
しかし、それは通常チーズです。


これは、それらの箱がほぼ1年かそこらの間新鮮なままである方法です。
ご存知のように、低温でバクテリアはありません。











優子..。
私に対するスパイ活動に従事し、ロサンゼルス社会のさまざまな側面と共謀してきました。コンはミンディが陰謀の一部だったと言った。あまりにも、彼女の洗脳が注意するところ。 1あなたがテレビでそれらを見たことがあるかどうかわからない。彼らは短命の放送で、彼女は聴衆に弟を奪って彼を額装するように言っていました。
彼女が米軍の間で売春をしなければならない一種のスパイ。


優子..。
私にお金を与える必要があります。
優子..。
キノコ雲から出て、コーヒーの匂いを嗅ぐ必要があります。
優子..。
深い犬のドゥーディーにいます。
だから優子…。
東京にオープンしたら、座ってスターバックスを食べましょう。



最近、優子は学校の先生です。
それが彼女が母国でレイプされ殺害されるのを防ぐ唯一のことです。

ビッチはブルーダイヤモンドの盗難を委託し、私たちの家族を日本からの企業攻撃にさらしました。
ええと...マリーアントワネットの首から来た岩。


優子..。
あなたはチツです。


優子..。
シー・ズーの大きさを変えるバクテリアに会いたいですか？
カメの大きさを変えるバクテリアに会いたいですか？
私たちは実際にそれを行うことができます。 1つを紹介します。

あなたは日本の女王になりたいですか？
それから私にそのピストルを持ってきて、マリオを救いに来てください…。
1はむしろカンザスにいるでしょう。
1はむしろ抗菌環境にあります。
1はむしろ、Hearts of Spaceに耳を傾け、ブードゥー教を実践することを望んでいます。
1はむしろここに座って戦争に従事し、私の薬を服用したいと思います。
エディ・ヴェレツが死んでいて、ローレンスにはたくさんの人がいるので、1はむしろスニッカーになります。
ピーチ姫を理解しましたか？

1そこにいたい、私の丸薬をむしゃむしゃ...
1そこにいたい、アメリカの真ん中で幸せ...
1そこにいたい、そして海岸線の問題に微笑む。
1はそこに座って、ハッカーやアジアの崇拝者から贈り物を集めたいと思っています。
1そこに座って、優子の小さな肌のために俳句を書きたい。
1そこにいて、優子は英語を話さないがそれ以上は話さないふりをし続けたい。
1そこにいて、優子が幼児としてニューオーリンズの売春宿から逃げ出さなかったふりをし続け、韓国の過激派にスパイとして雇われたい。
1そこにいて、人々の中で、そして人々の中で最高のものを信じ続けたい。

妹を理解しましたか？

ああ ....
1人は日本人によって洗脳されました...
1は、優子さんの美しさに真っ逆さまにノックされました…。


だから、足を広げて、この優子を全部買ってもらいましょう。
https://www.amazon.com/hz/wishlist/genericItemsPage/CF6T8QC8S46D
あなたは50歳以上かもしれません...
しかし、あなたはまだ頭を向けます。



今...
あなたを尊重するので... 1
1はこれをあなたのために日本語につけさせます。
このように、あなたは日本語を話すふりをすることができます。
せいぜい、あなたの口から出てくるものはあなたをサイアムプリンセスにします...。

優子のお尻を叩いて乗るように言ってもらえませんか？
