Karl...
I just made grip off my wife.
I need a paycheck from IBM.
 
I need resource.
Can you get them to do that?
I could use a bath and a blowjob too.
 
 
I am in Vancouver Washington...
about 2 miles north of Portland Oregon.
 
 
 
Sent: Sunday, March 14, 2021 at 12:03 PM
From: ask-the-library@multco.us
To: Anurean@usa.com
Subject: Thank you for contacting the library
---------- REPLY ABOVE THIS LINE ----------

Thank you for your message. A library staff member will respond to you as soon as possible. Please note that our e-mail responses might get caught in your spam filter. To make sure that we get back to you, add 'ask-the-library@multco.us' to your email contacts list or address book. Thank you.

Your question number is 126995

Your original question:

ATTN:
Gale Loyd




Elizabeth Lambert???
Is that your birth name?
Is that your legal alias?


That was my grandmother's name. Elizabeth Ann.
Union Cemetary...
Lyon County...
Elizabeth Ann Rees-Lambert....
Would be well over 120 years old if she where still alive.
Elizabeth Ann Rees-Lambert...
Would never be in the company of someone from within the courts of Wichita.
Elizabeth Ann Rees-Lambert would rebuke you and whole city of Wichita for all it's liquor, for all it's sin, and for the fact they are speaking English at all.



I might be at war with you hooker.
Why you using my favoritest grandmother's name if and since you can sit there and easily change your name on the legal and the legit?
You just messing with the credit those poor farm folk have being a trifling hooker with Hazel Luinstra?


So...
You work in the courthouse in Wichita?

I am seeing a population now of Wichitans...
That I have never met.
I have them all on my email.
Over 4,000 of them.


Wichita from my vantage point: has been almost a ghost town for years.
Maybe I did actually die when I was playing zombie voodoo games in New Orleans.



Sent: Sunday, March 14, 2021 at 11:38 AM
From: "John Lambert" <anurean@usa.com>
To: mgoodman@lyoncounty.org, etorres@lyoncounty.org, mmcanarney@emporia-kansas.gov, bsmith@emporia-kansas.gov, sowramac@in.ibm.com, kluinstra@weigand.com
Subject: ESP Notes
I understand Rita is trying to call a truce...
I sort of want blood.
Now that she has taken a passive stance in Court....

Shoot her in the head and make an example of her.
An example of her is to be made after her body is ripped apart, mangled, and sexually penetrated....

and the blood has dried on the floor.
Once blood is dried on the floor: that's when you are to bring the 4-H kids into the house and show them the scene....
and introduce them to what happened and occurred.
You can use the situation, setting, event for police training as to what when where and how a sociopathic murder goes down.


Tell the bitch (Rita) to buy me lunch at starbucks.
www.paypal.me/Anurean


Tell her to max out her and her adult child's credit and buy out this list.
https://www.amazon.com/hz/wishlist/genericItemsPage/1H5WHSCESYKE8


Please ask Tina Terp to kindly do the same...
and say "PLEASE" when you speak to Tina...
Don't forget your manners with her.

Her husband, Carl?
Feel free to kick him in the balls.
Remind her husband Carl that Karl E. Schill is my ex-spouse.





My identity is stolen all over the internet.
This was Amber's doing.
There are pictures of other people with my name all over the place.

This was done primarily by Amber and Colter.
Megan and Liam have a little bit to do with it too....

Most of the pictures are of people who do not have the internet and want their pictures online.




So...
While we are going after Amber in court....
Let's go after Rita and Colter in court as well.


We right now have 3 divorce courts on her.... as well as the State Trooper system of four states.









If possible...
I want my family taken off this stupid assinine website that Gale Loyd is investing her time in.
https://www.mylife.com/paula-lambert/e18946368180


https://mugshots.com/US-States/Oregon/Multnomah-County-OR/John-Clinton-Lambert.167399978.html
https://mugshots.com/US-States/Kansas/Johnson-County-KS/John-Clinton-Lambert.7007636.html
https://crimeinformer.com/arrestArticle/Oregon/56875




See...
Amber has been playing heavily on these websites getting off on them....
and wickedly laughing.

It's her laughter at home...
It's her response to the negative in my life...

That has me divorcing/killing her.





Torres???

How is Ashes?
I used to love that cat.

















We are now at corporate war with all these websites that post mugshots and court hearings.
We are now at corporate war with the counties that employ these websites.




So, let's kill the webdesigners as well as the publishers of my likeness.
Let's also take their servers.


I understand they are using Windows and are IBM technologies.

So, their technology is now counterfeit merchandise and the establishment is in debt to me.
Let's smack them with a trillion dollar defecit and collapse their credit.













Me? I am in an area that has marijuana dispensaries.
Look at this below...
This is all Marijuana being sold in a spice shop.



Me in such an area...
Allows me to opperate independantly of Kansas and normal every day law...
and engage in acts of war and terrorism against whatever corporate I have a problem with. To the point I can have family corporate in Wyoming drop a hydrogen bomb on such facets of American Government.


To the point....
I could bomb the city of Wichita should I not win my lawsuit.


I have a problem with Carl Terp.
I have a problem with Amber Terp.
I have NO PROBLEM with Tina Terp.
I have a problem with Billy Lamb and his crew out of Wichita.
I have a problem with those people being able to live, feel pleasure, enjoy life, have resource, have any form of happiness, or have a soul.

I have a problem with those people being on the internet.
I have a problem with my family NOT being on the internet.


So...
How is IBM a valid large ass corporation these days?
Didn't I buy their company in 1986?


Tell them I want a paycheck.
Tell them to put it on my paypal. I would prefer a direct deposit.




Merchandise for sale at an illegal marijuana dispensary shut down in Wilmington earlier this year.
By submitting email messages to Knowledge Tracker, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

 

